    HW1: Programming Exercise
    (01:198:352) Internet Technology

    Rutgers University - School of Arts and Sciences
    Professor Nath Badri
    Section 02

    Assignment description:
        This HW is to let your explore the socket programming interface in
        Python. This exercise will serve as the foundation for the upcoming
        programming projects. 

        A sample working code is given to you in HW1.py.
        The program consists of server code and client code written as two
        separate threads. 

        Understand the functionality implemented in the
        program as it is in your environment. Make sure it executes
        successfully. Then, for your HW submission, you need to do the
        following:

            1.
                Separate server code and client code into two different
                programs, server.py and client.py. 

                Execute the server program first, and then the client program.
                
                You should still get the same set of print messages
                as in the combined threaded code. (HW.py)

            2.
                In the given code, the client connects to the server
                and the server just sends a message string back to the
                client. 

                Modify the program so that the client sends a word
                to the server and then the server replaces each character in
                the word with its ASCII value and sends the ASCII values as a
                string back to the client. 

                If the client sends "HELLO" to the
                server, the client should receive "72_69_76_76_79".
                
                Your program should print the string sent by the client
                and the corresponding string received by the client.

            3.
                Modify the client code so that the client can read a string
                (each line is a word) from a test file (say, HW1test.txt)
                and output the received string to a file (say, HW1out.txt).
            
            4.
                Assume the input file will contain ONE word per line.

            5.
                WHAT TO SUBMIT:
                    You should submit:
                        [ 'client.py', 'server.py', 'HW1out.txt' ]
                    You will be given a test fi,e (HW1test.txt) consisting
                    of strings (one per line).

                    Please create a zip to put these 4 files
                        [ 'client.py', 'server.py', 'HW1test.txt', 'HW1out.txt' ]
                    -- the zip file name should be 'hw1' + your_netID
                            e.g. filename = 'hw1' + ga354       # yields 'hw1_ga354'

                    Please put all 4 files in one zip file ONLY ('hw1_ga354.zip'),
                    and make sure you follow the naming convention described above.
                    Make sure your code is well documented.
            
            6.
                Note:
                    This exercise is homework and as such 
                    should be completed and submitted individually.